# CookieHider
Hello, there! Welcome to the Github page of my MSc Cyber Security project. CookieHider is a browser extension (available for Google Chrome web browser) that detects Cookie Banners on website and enforcers users cookie preference automatically. In general, CookieHider can perform three actions. Namely, Accept All, Reject and Do Nothing. The user will also have the ability to change the cookie preference at any time, using the user interface (UI) option that the extension provides. By this way, the user will have full control over his/her online privacy whether to accept cookies on websites that they visit in the future or to reject cookies on such websites. CookieHider enables users to automatically get rid of annoying cookie banners.
# Tools and Methods
The CookieHider extension is mainly based on simpler technologies like Z-index, Cookie notice CSS Selectors, and Keyword-based Text Matching. The primary reason for adopting such simple techniques is to make the extension lightweight and perform comparative well. The idea of using Z-index was based on "CookieEnforcer". In the CookieEnforcer extension, the Z-index and BERT text classifier models were used. Though BERT's text classifier performs well, Eijk et al.'s "I don't care about cookies (IDCAC)" extension showed that similar results can also be achieved using CSS Selector-based Keyword-based text matching. The underlying idea of using keyword-based text matching to enforce user cookie preference was based on the wordlist obtained from the Kampanos et al. survey. From the survey results, both affirmative and non-affirmative wordlists were able to be obtained, which helped a lot in building the extension.
To obtain more info on implementation part, please take a look at my implementation section in m master project.
You can find all the code and how to run it under the code directory of this Git page.
